Serent 2026 SecurityAssessmentPowered by PortfolioViewCompany: Studio DesignerAssessment Completed: June 26, 2026Third-Party Acknowledgement and Affirmation of Non-Reliance of Report ContentsThis document and its related contents are intended solely for the use of the intended recipient, as may be identified onthe report, (the “Clientˮ), as part of a service provided by Crosslake Technologies, LLC, or one of its Affiliates, (together“Crosslakeˮ), and are governed by the terms of an underlying agreement between Crosslake Technologies and its Client.If You are not the Client or an Affiliate thereof, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying ofthis information is strictly prohibited. References to “Youˮ or “Yourˮ include references to any of Your respectiveaffiliates, general or limited partners, members, directors, officers, managers, employees, advisors, and counsel.If You are not the Client as defined above, You expressly affirm and acknowledge that the contents of this report areprovided to You for informational purposes only and are not intended to influence or guide You as a potential buyer orseller of any company or business analyzed herein. NO PARTY OTHER THAN THE CLIENT SHOULD RELY ON ANYINFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT AS ACCURATE OR DEFINITIVE. FURTHERMORE, ALL RECIPIENTSACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY DECISIONS OR ACTIONS TAKEN AS A RESULT OF READING THIS REPORTWILL BE BASED SOLELY ON THEIR OWN INVESTIGATION AND EXPERTISE. EACH RECIPIENT AGREES TO CONDUCTTHEIR OWN RESEARCH AND EXERCISE THEIR OWN PROFESSIONAL JUDGMENT, INDEPENDENT OF ANYINFORMATION PROVIDED HEREIN.IF YOU HAVE A PREEXISTING EFFECTIVE AGREEMENT WITH CROSSLAKE GOVERNING YOUR RIGHTS WITH RESPECTTO THIS REPORT, THE TERMS OF SUCH AN AGREEMENT WILL PREVAIL.This disclaimer affirms Your understanding that Crosslake Technologies does not sanction reliance on the content of thisreport by anyone other than the Client, and no other party should derive any expected benefit from it.Assessment OverviewPowered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.2Recurring Hygiene39Organization and Planning72Technical and Tooling64Secure Process73Assessment OverviewSCORE: 63MEDIUM PROFICIENCYLOW SCORING CATEGORIESMEDIUM SCORING CATEGORIESHIGH SCORING CATEGORIESRESPONDENT INFORMATIONNAME: Russ McClelland ROLE: cto EMAIL: russ.mcclelland@studiodesigner.comCOMPANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICESSaas for interior design firms.Powered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.3Scoring DetailCOMPANY INFORMATIONN/AFree-Form Response:Free-Form Response:Cloud Provider: AWS Regions: US - East - 1 US - East - 2 US - West - 1 US -West - 2Free-Form Response:Regions: US - East - 1 US - East - 2Free-Form Response:CPRA is applicable since our company is based in California and must adhereto local regulations. GDPR is applicable because we work internationally andmust adhere to European regulations.1. Please list any data centersincluding address or upload a listingto the data room.Not Scored2. Please list any cloud providersand regions in use.Not Scored3. Please provide a list of all regionswhere the business operates.Not Scored4. Please provide a list and rationalefor all applicable regulatoryrequirements for the organization.(e.g. California Privacy Rights Act orother U.S. state privacy laws,General Data Protection Regulationor other international privacy orsecurity laws, New York Departmentof Financial Services CybersecurityRegulation, Financial IndustryRegulatory Authority (FINRA), HealthInsurance Portability andAccountability Act, etc.)Not ScoredPowered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.4Free-Form Response:We maintain internal security policies and controls aligned with recognizedsecurity frameworks; however, we do not currently hold formal certificationssuch as SOC 2, ISO 27001, PCI DSS, or NIST certification, and therefore donot have external audit reports for the past two years to provide.Free-Form Response:Microsoft 365 Microsoft Entra ID Microsoft DefenderFree-Form Response:AWS Atlassian Dhango Google Cloud Microsoft Namecheap NetworkSolutions Paylocity Payrix Plaid Rippling Scalegrid Stripe ZoomSECURITY TOOLSN/AFree-Form Response:AWS WAF and Microsoft DefenderFree-Form Response:Microsoft Defender and AWS CloudwatchFree-Form Response:Microsoft Defender for endpoint5. Please provide a list of allapplicable compliance certificationsor security standards. (e.g. PaymentCard Industry Data SecurityStandard, ISO, SOC, NIST, etc.).Please upload the latest two years ofaudit reports for applicablecertifications or standards to thedata room.Not Scored6. Please provide a list of IT andSecurity service providers in use(e.g. Managed IT provider, ManagedSecurity Service Provider).Not Scored7. Please provide a listing of keyapplications used by the company.Not Scored8. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage the network firewall(s).Not Scored9. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage intrusion detection /prevention.Not Scored10. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage remote access.Not ScoredPowered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.5Free-Form Response:Microsoft Entra ID and AWS IAMFree-Form Response:Microsoft DefenderFree-Form Response:Microsoft Entra ID and AWS IAMFree-Form Response:Microsoft Entra ID and AWS IAMFree-Form Response:Microsoft IntuneFree-Form Response:Microsoft Defender for EndpointFree-Form Response:Microsoft Intune11. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage multi-factor authentication.Not Scored12. Please list the email securitygateway tool(s) in place.Not Scored13. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage identity and accessmanagement.Not Scored14. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage privileged accessmanagementNot Scored15. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage endpoint device encryption,Not Scored16. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage endpoint protection(antivirus or EDR).Not Scored17. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage server disk / deviceencryption.Not ScoredPowered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.6Free-Form Response:AWS CloudwatchFree-Form Response:Microsoft IntuneFree-Form Response:N/AFree-Form Response:Microsoft IntuneFree-Form Response:AWS RDSFree-Form Response:AWS flywayFree-Form Response:Microsoft Defender and AWS Security Hub18. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage server protection (antivirusor EDR)Not Scored19. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage mobile device managementof company-provided devicesNot Scored20. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage mobile device managementof personal user devices.Not Scored21. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage endpoint patchmanagement.Not Scored22. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage server and network patchmanagement. Not Scored23. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage server and data backup.Not Scored24. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage network vulnerabilitymanagement.Not ScoredPowered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.7Free-Form Response:Microsoft Defender Vulnerability ManagementFree-Form Response:AWS Cloud watch and Microsoft Defender/Microsoft AzureFree-Form Response:Microsoft Defender and AWS CloudwatchFree-Form Response:noneFree-Form Response:Paylocity and HoxHuntFree-Form Response:HoxHuntFree-Form Response:none25. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage application vulnerabilitymanagement.Not Scored26. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage log management.Not Scored27. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage security information andevent management.Not Scored28. Please list the vendor used forindependent penetration testing.Not Scored29. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage security training.Not Scored30. Please list the tool(s) in place tomanage simulated phishing testing.Not Scored31. Please list any third-partymanagetd security providers in useand the type of services performed.Not ScoredPowered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.8Free-Form Response:AWS Security Hub and AWS Cloud WatchORGANIZATION AND PLANNINGScore: 72Responsibilities have not been assigned for the security program.Named individual(s) are in place with ultimate responsibility andaccountability for the security program.Which of the following security responsibilities have been assigned?- overall roadmap and program oversight,- program budget management or oversight,- security policy and procedure management,- cyber insurance accountability.None of the above or other. Please comment.Required evidence: The names of the individual(s) responsible for thesecurity program. Please check when listed below or uploaded to thedata room.Required evidence: A listing of the roles and responsibilities. Pleasecheck when listed below or uploaded to the data room.Attachment: Analyst.png, Studio Designer Incident Response Policy.pdf, roles andresponsibilities.pngThe privacy policy is approved by the person with overall privacyresponsibility.A review of applicability of regulatory changes is performed at leastannually by the individual responsible for data privacy along with insideor outside counsel.A review and confirmation of data processing activities is performed.A review and approval of the company's privacy policy is performed.None of the above or alternative controls are in place. Please comment.Required Evidence: The name of the individual(s) ultimately accountablefor privacy.Required Evidence: A copy of the companyʼs privacy policy.Required Evidence: A schedule of activities performed to maintain theprivacy program including owners.Attachment: Privacyofficer.png, Privacy Policy _ Studio Designer.html,Privacy_Program_Policy.docx32. Please list the tool(s) in place forcloud security posturemanagement. Not Scored33. Which of the following are inplace relating to the assignment ofresponsibilities for security?4.4RESPONDENT COMMENTSAll roles and responsibilities of IRteam members are outlined in the IRpolicy for Studio Designer. Theseroles are defined but are only givenin times of emergency. The principlefor all Cybersecurity is the Analystand CTO.34. Which of the following are inplace to ensure data privacyaccountability is assigned and aregular schedule of maintenanceactivities is performed to facilitatecompliance through regulatory andcompany environment changes?5.0Powered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.9The organization does not maintain cyber liability insurance.The organization maintains cybersecurity insurance.There are no policy exclusions or all policy exclusions have beenaddressed through appropriate risk mitigation measures. Please list anyexclusions that have not been mitigated.Select all of the following that are covered in the policy.– data breach and privacy– network security– business interruption– cyber extortion– crisis management– support for public relationsRequired evidence: The companyʼs current cyber insurance policyincluding any exclusions to the policy coverage. Please check whenuploaded to the data room.Required evidence: Evidence that any resolvable exclusion criteria havebeen reviewed and are remediated. Please check when uploaded to thedata room.An AI usage policy exists.Which of the following are included in the AI policy?- A statement specifying particular usage is explicitly allowed, and it isdenied by default.- Explicit forbidding of uploading company confidential, internal use, orintellectual property (including code) to third-party services withoutexplicit approval. The AI policy is signed off.Review of applicability of regulatory changes is performed at leastannually by the individual responsible for AI along with inside or outsidecounsel.A periodic review and confirmation of GenAI usage activities isperformed.An AI usage policy and practices are not in place or other, pleasecomment.Required evidence: The names of the individual(s) accountable forgenerative AI governance. Please check when uploaded.Required evidence: A copy of the companyʼs generative AI policy.Required evidence: A schedule of activities performed to maintain the AIpolicy compliance including owners.Attachment: AIofficer.png, Studio Designer GenAI Policy.pdfTECHNICAL AND TOOLINGScore: 6435. Please indicate which of thefollowing apply relating tocybersecurity insurance.1.036. Which of the following are inplace relating to the usage ofgenerative AI in the organization?5.0RESPONDENT COMMENTSThe schedule is located in Section 4.Powered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.10We use only third-party systems and the providers manage backups.Backups occur at an appropriate recurrence based on application or datacriticality,Backups are successfully completing,Backups are encrypted at rest.Backups are immutable and cannot be deleted, altered, or overwrittenOR backups are stored in a secure location offsite that are inaccessiblefrom the primary hosting location.Full test restoration of backups is performed at least annually.None of the above are in place or other, please comment.Required evidence: A list of business-critical systems and applicationsthat are self-managed (on-premise, data center, or public cloud). Pleasecheck when provided.Required evidence: Backup schedule, configuration, and storagelocations of backups for business-critical applications and systems,including immutability configuration. Please check when provided.Required evidence: Historical backup job reports for business-criticalapplications and systems. Please check when provided.Attachment: Assestsbackuphistory.png, backups.pngMFA is not in place for critical applicationsA systems inventory is maintained that identifies critical systems.MFA is enabled and enforced for critical systems via SSO/SAML orwithin the system itself.MFA authentication is enforced for every administrative access attempt.MFA authentication is required a minimum of every 72 hours for non-administrative access or upon ˮimpossible travelˮ.There are no exceptions to use of MFA or exceptions are documentedand approved by the individual designated to have ultimate securityaccountability.Required evidence: A list of all back-office, corporate, and hostedsystems with business-critical systems identified and the type of MFAenabled for regular users and administrative users (e.g. Netsuite,SalesForce, Amazon AWS). Please check when provided.Required evidence: For systems with MFA enabled, provide theconfiguration and policy. Please check when provided.Required evidence: For systems enabled with MFA, provide a list ofusers showing mode of authentication. Please check when provided.Required evidence: Provide a list of users, role, or team-basedexceptions to MFA including rationale and approval. Please check whenprovided.Attachment: MFA_Netsuite.png, list of critical business systems.png,AWS_MFA_USERS.png37. Please indicate which of thefollowing are in place to supportbackup management and testing.5.0RESPONDENT COMMENTSWe do not have a formal list for self-managed business-critical systems.But our two are AWS and MicrosoftBusiness.38. Which of the following are inplace to support multi-factorauthentication for criticalapplications?4.0RESPONDENT COMMENTSWe do not have any exceptions forMFA within our critical services.Dhango is sunset, and Google Clouddoes not have a portal to show MFA.Powered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.11We do not use an enhanced email scanning system or similar tools toinspect and filter email content and attachments.We use an email gateway tool or similar enhanced level of scanning toinspect email content and attachments.Email policy configurations are enforced across the organization.Exceptions to email inspection are documented including therationale and are approved by the individual designated to have ultimatesecurity accountability.Warning banners are implemented for external emails.External email auto-forwarding of a users email account is disabled or ​alerts are sent ​if a email rule is created.Required evidence: A screenshot or export of the phishing protectiontooling console(s), policy configuration, and event logs. Please checkwhen provided.Required evidence: A list of users, role, or team-based exceptions toemail inspection including rationale and approval. Please check whenprovided.Required evidence: A historical report of blocked versus allowed emailover the past 6 months. Please check when provided.Attachment: blockedemails.png, Allowed Emails.csv, DefenderPhishing.pngThe use personal (BYOD) devices is not permitted and mechanisms arein place to prevent connection to applications or networks.Tools are not utilized to manage BYOD user devices.A tool is in place to centrally manage personal devices that connect tocompany systems and networks.Encryption-at-rest is enforced for all devices in management.Strong passcodes are enforced to unlock devices.Software update and patching policies are enforced.Audit and event logging is enabled and are retained for at least 90 days.Exceptions to bring-your-own-device management are documented andapproved by the individual designated to have ultimate securityaccountability.Required evidence: Screenshots or export of the end-user devicemanagement tooling console(s), policy configuration, and the centralconsole event summary or audit log. Please check when provided.Required evidence: A list of devices enrolled in mobile devicemanagement. Please check when provided.Required evidence: Compliance report against the defined policy. Pleasecheck when provided.39. Which of the following are inplace to support email security,filtering, and protection to enhanceemail security?4.0RESPONDENT COMMENTSWe do not make any exceptions toour email inspections therefore,there is no valuable evidence.40. Which of the following apply tothe management of bring-your-own-device (BYOD) user devices?5.0RESPONDENT COMMENTSStudio Designer doesnt manage aBYOB policy. Therefore, there is noevidence to provide for BYOB.Powered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.12Endpoint protection is not in place.Endpoint protection management is centralized (even if across multiplevendors).Software and signature updates occur automatically and at least every24 hours.There are no exceptions to endpoint protection for end-user devices ORexceptions to endpoint protection on servers are documented andapproved by the individual designated to have ultimate securityaccountability and have risk-mitigating compensating controls in placeNone of the above or other, please comment.Required evidence: Screenshots or export of the endpoint protectiontooling console(s). Please check when provided.Required evidence: Enrolled end-user device and server listing, Pleasecheck when provided.Required evidence: Event log.  Please check when provided.Required evidence: A list of user endpoints. Please check whenprovided.Attachment: endpoint protection console.png, Enrolled end-user devices.csv, endpointlog.pngEndpoint protection for servers is not in place.Endpoint protection management is centralized (even if across multiplevendors).Software and signature updates occur automatically and at least every24 hours.There are no exceptions to endpoint protection for servers ORexceptions to endpoint protection on servers are documented andapproved by the individual designated to have ultimate securityaccountability and have risk-mitigating compensating controls in place.None of the above or other, please comment.Required evidence: Screenshots or export of the endpoint protectiontooling console(s) and software or signature update configuration.Please check when provided.Required evidence: Enrolled end-user device and server listing, Pleasecheck when provided.Required evidence: Event log.  Please check when provided.Required evidence: A list servers. Please check when provided.Attachment: Endpoint protection for servers.png, list of servers.png, event log.png, image(5).png41. Which of the following apply toendpoint protection for end-userdevices?5.042. Which of the following apply toendpoint protection for servers?5.0Powered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.13Configuration and patch management for end-user devices is not inplace or is informally managed.Configuration management is centralized for end-user devices (even ifacross multiple vendors).A documented patch management policy exists and requires patching ofcritical and high severity patches for end-user devices within 30 days ofrelease by the vendor.Exceptions to endpoint  configuration management are documented andapproved by the individual designated to have ultimate securityresponsibility.None of the above or other, please comment.Required evidence: A screenshot or export of Configuration managementtooling console(s), Enrolled endpoint and server listing, Examples ofpolic(ies) applied to endpoints including patching policy, Event log, andPatch reportRequired evidence: Documented patch management policy. Pleasecheck when provided.Required evidence: Documented build checklist or policy. Please checkwhen provided.Required evidence: A list of endpoint exceptions to the endpointprotection scope including rationale and approval, this includesendpoints and servers that are not patched to the latest versions. Pleasecheck when provided.Attachment: StudioDesigner_PatchingVulnerabilityPolicy.pdf, Configuration Console.png,Enrolled Endpoints.png, patch report.pngConfiguration and patch management for servers is not in place or isinformally managed.Configuration management is centralized for servers (even if acrossmultiple vendors).A documented patch management policy exists and requires patching ofcritical and high severity patches for servers within 30 days of release bythe vendor.Exceptions to server configuration management are documented andapproved by the individual designated to have ultimate securityresponsibility.None of the above or other, please comment.Required evidence: A screenshot or export of Configuration managementtooling console(s), Enrolled server listing, Examples of polic(ies) appliedto servers including patching policy, Event log, and Patch reportRequired evidence: Documented patch management policy. Pleasecheck when provided.Required evidence: A list of server exceptions to the endpoint protectionscope including rationale and approval, this includes endpoints andservers that are not patched to the latest versions. Please check whenprovided.Attachment: StudioDesigner_PatchingVulnerabilityPolicy.pdf,Patchmanagement_Update_Rings.png43. Which of the following are inplace for user device configurationand patch management?5.0RESPONDENT COMMENTSWe do not have any exceptions tothe endpoint protection. Therefore,there isnt any evidenve to report.44. Which of the following are inplace for server configuration andpatch management?3.3RESPONDENT COMMENTSWe do not have any exceptions tothe endpoint protection. Therefore,there isnt any evidence to report.Powered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.14Processes to harden and patch network devices are not in place or areprimarily informal.Only the SSH and HTTPS remote management protocols are used.Management and administrative interfaces are not exposed to the publicInternet.Multi-factor authentication is required for administration.Default and root accounts are disabled or have strong, non-defaultpasswordsNetwork devices are patched in alignment with documented policyExceptions to network hardening and patch management aredocumented and approved by the individual designated to have ultimatesecurity responsibility.None of the above are in place or other, please comment.Required evidence: Network device asset list. Please check whenprovided.Required evidence: Network device patch level report. Please checkwhen provided.Required evidence: Documented build checklist or process. Pleasecheck when provided.Required evidence: Network device patch management policy. Pleasecheck when provided.Individuals with global administrator rights across systems are limitedand appropriate.Administrator accounts are not shared.All administrator account activity is logged and monitored regularly.Individuals use different credentials to log in to accounts with globaladministration rights versus day-to-day accounts.Multi-factor authentication is enabled without exception.Administrators do not use service accounts for performing administrativeactions.None of the above are in place or other, please comment.Required evidence: A list of all back-office, corporate, and hostedsystems with business-critical systems identified (e.g. Active Directory,Office365, Netsuite, SalesForce, Amazon AWS).Required evidence: A screenshot or export of the list, titles, andemployment status (FTE, contractor, MSP) of the Domain Administratorsgroup for Active Directory, root accounts for cloud providers, andequivalent for back-office systems.Required evidence: Global account activity log.Attachment: business critical systems.csv, Global Admins.png, Global Activity Log.pngThe network is not adequately segregated.Perimeter firewalls or security groups have “default denyˮ enabled andonly allow explicitly approved traffic (public / private DMZ exists).Internal firewalls or security groups have “default denyˮ enabled andonly allow explicitly approved traffic (public / private DMZ exists).None of the above or other, please comment.Required evidence: A screenshot or export of perimeter firewall(s)policies and configuration displaying ports and services open to theInternet. Please check when provided.Required evidence: A screenshot or export of internal firewall(s) policiesand configuration. Please check when provided.Attachment: internal firewall.png, AWSWAF.png, AWSserverprotection.png45. Which of the following are inplace for network device hardeningand patch management.1.046. Which of the following apply tothe management of accounts withadministrative privileges?3.347. Which of the following are inplace to support networksegregation?5.0Powered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.15Remote access is not permitted.​IPSec-based VPN connections using key exchange are not used tosupport user remote access.SSL VPN access terminates after a period of 60 minutes of inactivity.Multi-factor authentication is required for all VPN or other remote accessmechanisms.Email is not used to provide the multi-factor authentication token.Access is granted using role or group-based permissions.Audit logs of user connectivity is kept for at least 90 days.Block listing of embargoed countries and non-primary workforcelocations via geo-restrictions is enabled.Exceptions to remote access requirements are documented andapproved by the individual designated to have ultimate securityresponsibility,None of the above or other, please comment.Required evidence: Remote access tooling configuration including ascreenshot or export of userʼs allowed to access the environmentremotely, multi-factor authentication enforcement, encryption algorithms,audit logging, geo-restriction configuration, and timeout.Required evidence: Endpoint checks for systems (up to date patching,AV running, etc.). Please check when provided.Required evidence: A screenshot or export of the audit log including userconnections. Please check when provided.Monitoring processes are not in place or are informal.An outsourced managed services provider is responsible for monitoringalerts, events, and audit logs.A call tree is documented specifying the order in which key stakeholdersin the organization are notified, when, and how.Runbooks and tooling include the ability for the security operationscenter or similar team to take immediate action to quarantine or isolateinfections.None of the above or other, please comment.Required evidence: Call tree for alerting that requires attention. Pleasecheck when provided.Required evidence: A screenshot or export of a reporting dashboardshowing last 3 months of log activity. Please check when provided.Required evidence: Documented processes for response: SLAs,checklists, and runbooks. Please check when provided.Required evidence: Example tickets for response. Please check whenprovided.Attachment: IR FlowCharts - IR Plan.pdf, event log.png, ticketexample.png, call tree.png48. Which of the following are inplace to support secure remoteaccess?N/ARESPONDENT COMMENTSRemote Access is not permitted.49. Which of the following are inplace to support monitoring, alerting,and timely response to securityevents?3.3Powered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.16Individuals with administrative rights access to tooling is limited andappropriate.Administrator accounts are not shared.Administrative access requires multifactor authentication on every login.All administrative activity and support sessions are logged and stored for1 year.Remote support sessions automatically log off or require reconnectionafter 30 minutes.Initiating remote support sessions requires one of: One-time passcode orpin; Certificate-based authentication; or Biometric verification.None of the above or other, please comment.Required evidence: A list of all remote support tools used internally or bythird-parties (MSP) including but not limited to:  TeamViewer, Splashtop,GoToMyPC, AnyDesk, RemotePC, Zoho Assist, VNC Connect.Required evidence:  Remote support tooling configuration includinglogging configuration.Required evidence: A list of employees and contractors and accesslevels for each of the remote support tools.Encryption-at-rest is deployed on all hard disks on all end-user devices.Centralized, industry recognized tooling is used to manage encryption(even if multiple vendors).Deprecated encryption and hashing algorithms, including the below, arenot utilized for the encryption process.  - DES  - 3DES  - RC4  - MD5  -SHA1Recovery keys are only accessible by authorized personnel.None of the above or other, please comment.Required evidence: A screenshot or export of:  - Encryption at resttooling console(s)  - Enrolled end-user device listing.Required evidence: End-user device asset list including laptops,desktops, tablets, and mobile devices.Required evidence: Recovery key access list.Attachment: DeviceEncryptionV3_d9eff524-bc2f-4008-b722-336a73c30e91.zip,DevicesWithInventory_16f14b54-2994-453c-bf6f-417f100504f3.zip, recovery key accesslist.pngAccounts are consolidated in the multi-account structure withoutexception.Accounts have a designated and documented owner and purpose.None of the above are in place or other, please comment.Required evidence: Inventory of cloud accounts including owner,purpose, and whether they are centrally managed or not.Required evidence: A screenshot or export of organizational hierarchy orstructure from cloud console.Attachment: cloudaccounts.png50. Which of the following are inplace to support remote toolinghardening?1.051. Which of the following are inplace to support encryption at rest ofend user devices?5.052. Which of the following are inplace to centrally manage publiccloud account structure?2.5Powered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.17Unauthorized and unknown devices are, by default, not allowed oncompany networks.Certificates or user authentication are used to identify and authenticateknown devices.Real-time visibility of the assets on networks is available.Stakeholders are notified immediately when an unauthorized deviceattempts to connect to company networks (excluding guest networks).None of the above or other, please comment.Required evidence: A screenshot or export of network access controltooling configuration including policy enforcement or checks performedprior to allowing an asset on the network.Required evidence: A screenshot or export of asset tracking of thenetwork(s) in real-time.Attachment: network access control dashboard.png, Assest Tracking.pngSecurity training is not in place or is performed informally.All sources of training data are licensed for use and fit for purpose.The access control list aligns to the least privilege principle based onroles or groups.Training data is encrypted at rest at the repository, disk, or data levelusing AES256 or another modern algorithm.Encryption keys are managed by authorized personnel only.None of the above or other, please comment.Required evidence: An inventory of training data including the source ofthe data, license for use, and where it is stored. Please check whenprovided.Required evidence: Access control lists for training data repositoriesincluding name and role. Please check when provided.Required evidence: Access control lists for training data repositoriesincluding name and role. Please check when provided.Security training is not in place or is performed informally.Authentication is centralized across accounts.Strong password policy is in place that requires twelve characters.Multifactor authentication is enforced and re-authentication is enabled.Group or role structures are in place to grant permissions.Administrative accounts, groups, or roles are separate from day-to-dayuse.Least privilege and role-based access principles are enforced viapolicies.Filtering devices (e.g. firewall, software firewall, WAF, etc.) existbetween network housing model file and development, staging, andother environments.Access to the environment is “default denyˮ.Model files are immutable (read-only) and not directly accessible.None of the above or other, please comment.Required evidence: A screenshot or export of authentication andauthorization requirements for model or model environment areaccessed for inference, training, or management. Please check whenprovided.Required evidence: A screenshot or export of firewall(s) or systempolicies and configuration displaying how models or the modelenvironment are accessed for inference, training, or management.Please check when provided.53. Which of the following are inplace to support network accesscontrol?5.054. Please indicate which of thefollowing are in place to secure LLMtraining data.1.0RESPONDENT COMMENTSStudio Designer does not train LLMsor maintain any LLMS.55. Please indicate which of thefollowing are in place to secure theLLM environment.1.0RESPONDENT COMMENTSStudio Designer does not trainLLMs.Powered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.18Base models are not managed or are informally managed.All base model signature and sources are verified prior to use.Validity and bias testing of the base model is performed prior todeployment.Security testing of the base model is performed prior to deployment.None of the above or other, please comment.Required evidence: Records of security and validity testing.A documented inventory of approved generative AI tools and associatedbusiness use cases is maintained and reviewed at least annually. Technical controls are implemented to detect or restrict unauthorized(“shadowˮ) use of generative AI tools.GenAI use cases are risk-classified based on data sensitivity andbusiness impactAn approval and risk review process exists for onboarding newgenerative AI tools or use cases. Logging and monitoring mechanisms provide visibility into enterprise-approved GenAI usageSensitive data monitoring controls (e.g., DLP, CASB, proxy controls) areconfigured to address external AI platforms.None of these are in place (please comment)SECURE PROCESSScore: 73A procedure for high-risk transactions is in place and requires known-voice verification or the equivalent for inbound and outbound moneyexchange processes including: Payroll, bank account changes, changesto payable account bank information, and changes to receivable accountbank informationMulti-factor authentication is required for login to all bank accountsacross the enterprise.Ad-hoc wire transfers need multi-stage and multi-party approval.Invoices state the company will never ask you to change remittanceinformation via email.None of the above are in place or other, please comment.Required evidence: Procedure documenting the requirements for high-risk transactions including, payroll, bank account changes, changes topayable account bank information, and changes to receivable accountbank information. Please check when provided.Required evidence: A screenshot or export of multi-factor authenticationconfiguration for bank account(s) (redact out non-applicableinformation). Please check when provided.Required evidence: A copy of example invoices. Please check whenprovided.Attachment: SVBMFA.png, Studio Payment Proccessing Policy.docx, example invoice .png56. Please indicate which of thefollowing are in place to ensure basemodel integrity.1.0RESPONDENT COMMENTSStudio Designer does not manageand LLMs.57. AI/LLM Visibility3.6RESPONDENT COMMENTSAll approved AI have a metricdashboard that shows all usage.58. Please indicate which of thefollowing procedures and protectionmechanisms are in place to protecthigh risk transactions.5.0Powered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.19A policy is in place for high risk transactions that contains the statement"No changes to financial systems shall occur through email exchangesor without known-voice verification. These systems include but may notbe limited to payroll, vendor payables, and bank accounts.ˮThe policy has been updated within the past year.The policy states that all employees and contractors with access tofinancial systems are required to sign off on the policy at onboarding andprior to being granted access to any financial system.Is signed off on by the Chief Financial Officer of the company.All employees and contractors with access to or ability to changefinancial systems have digitally or physically signed off on theirresponsibility relative to the policy during onboarding and at leastannually thereafter.None of the above or other, please comment below.Required evidence: Documentation showing the policy around high risktransaction systems including payroll and bank account changes.Required evidence: A listing of employees and contractors with accessto or ability to request changes to financial systems (e.g. - payrollsystems, vendor payables, and bank accounts).A screenshot or export of a training tool or copies of paperwork showingthat members of the above list have signed off on the company policy.Attachment: Studio Payment Proccessing Policy.docx, Studio Accounts PayablePolicy.docx, Example Payment .pngWe do not have an incident response plan or supporting procedures.Documented incident management and response plan and procedure(s)exist.Which of the following are documented in the plan and procedures?(Select all that apply)- roles and responsibilities- external communication strategy- internal communication strategy including notification procedures tothe PE firm at the time of incident- communication templatesThe test has been facilitated and documented by a third-party.The incident response plan has been tested within the past 12 months.The test includes ransomware and business email compromisescenarios.The test Involved all stakeholders – Exec leadership, Security, IT, HR,Counsel, client-facing roles, PE firm leadershipThe test includes documented lessons learned and improvements to bemade with action owners.AI-related incident scenarios are tested through tabletop or simulationexercisesThe incident response plan explicitly includes AI-related incidentscenariosAI-related incident scenarios are tested through tabletop or simulationexercisesNone of the above or other, please comment.Required evidence: Provide a copy of your incident response plan.Please check when provided.Required evidence: Provide a third-party or internal report or writtenoverview describing the last test of the plan (tabletop being sufficient).Attachment: Studio Designer Incident Response Policy.pdf59. Which of the following are inplace for high risk transaction policy,accountability, and training?2.060. Please indicate which of thefollowing are in place to supportpreparedness to respond to asecurity incident, have adocumented plan, and test that planat least annually.3.1RESPONDENT COMMENTSA tabletop has now been done forthe IR plan this year, but is planned.Powered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.20We do not maintain any systems, all systems are cloud-based oroutsourced.We do not have processes in place to adequately respond to securityevents or disasters and recover systems.Technical recovery procedures or runbooks exist for critical systems.Technical recovery procedures or runbooks are adequately up-to-date.An offline copy of the runbooks has been saved in a secure location.Which of the following are documented in the procedures / runbooks?(Select all that apply)- a listing of key stakeholders including IT, networking, security, andcritical third-party or vendor contacts- the locations of data backups if applicable- the locations of server / infrastructure backups- prescriptive instructions on how to rebuild network and serverenvironment including system dependencies, recovery ordering,validation steps, and system requirements.An offline copy of the runbooks has been saved in a secure location(e.g. with Private Equity)None of the above are in place or other, please comment.Required evidence: A copy of technical recovery runbooks for criticalsystems and applications.Attachment: AWS Regional Failure Disaster Recovery Playbook - Overview.pdfOnboarding and offboarding procedures are not in place or are informal.Documented onboarding and offboarding procedures exist.Separation of duties is in place between those requesting theonboarding or offboarding and those approving access to systems.A checklist of critical systems access is validated during onboarding andoffboarding.Procedures are in place to obtain a return of assets during offboarding.Offboarding of access to systems occurs within 24 hours of request andwithin 4 hours for IT administrative users.Personal devices are wiped of company data as part of the process orchecklist for offboarding.None of the above or other, please comment.Required evidence: Provide a copy of your onboarding and offboardingprocess. Please check when provided.Required evidence: A screenshot or export example of onboarding andoffboarding requests (tickets) for new and terminated employees,contractors, or vendors. Please check when provided.Attachment: ONBOARDING_PROCESS.png, OFFBOARDING_PROCESS.png,OFFBOARDING_TICKET.pngHuman review is mandatory for AI-generated code prior to merge ordeploymentAI-generated code is subject to secure coding standards and automatedsecurity testing prior to releaseAI-generated changes cannot bypass standard peer review and changemanagement processesDevelopers are required to disclose or tag AI-assisted code contributionsReviewers are trained to identify AI-specific risks (e.g., hallucinatedlogic, insecure defaults, licensing concerns) Licensing and intellectual property risks of AI-generated code areevaluated prior to releaseNone of these are in place (please comment)61. Please indicate which of thefollowing are in place so supportpreparedness to respond to asecurity incident or disaster, recovercritical systems and data, have abackup management program inplace with documented recoveryprocedure(s), and test that plan atleast annually.3.862. Please indicate which of thefollowing are in place to supportassociate onboarding andoffboarding processes.5.063. Secure agentic engineeringreview3.6Powered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.21RECURRINGHYGIENEScore: 39All code and dependencies for client-facing software is manually QAtested or scanned via automation for security issues.Documented software development process or policy exists andrequires resolution of critical and high severity security issues within 30days of identification.Critical or high severity vulnerabilities have been reviewed, triaged, andhave been resolved or will be resolved within the next 30 days.None of the above or other, please comment.Required evidence: A screenshot or export of tooling utilized for securitytesting such as SAST, DAST, dependency scanning, or automated QA.Required evidence: A screenshot or export of quality assurance tests thatare specific to security.Required evidence: Documented software development lifecycleprocess or policy .Attachment: SAST_Screenshot.png, SDLC_POLICY.png, QA_Test.pngSecurity training is not in place or is performed informally.AI training is not in place or is performed informally.The training policy requires training during onboarding and at leastannually thereafter.A record of attendance is generated for those participating in the training.Required training includes security best practices.Required training includes phishing, smishing, and vishing.Required training includes social engineering.Required training includes business email compromise.Required training includes generative AI overview.Required training includes the responsible use of GenAI.Required training includes risks of GenAI.Required training includes company-specific GenAI policy.All employees and relevant contractors are required to, and have signedoff on the companyʼs Generative AI policy.All employees and relevant contractors are required to, and have signedoff on the companyʼs Security or Acceptable Use policy.None of the above or other, please comment.Required evidence: A screenshot or export of centralized training orlearning management system if applicable. Please check when provided.Required evidence: A screenshot or export of title and table of contentsof required training module(s) or content. Required evidence: A screenshot or export of policy or recurrence oftraining. Required evidence: A screenshot or export of most recent sign-off ofemployees on the AI policy.Required evidence: A screenshot or export of most recent sign-off ofemployees on the security policy.Required evidence: If applicable, screenshot of previously completedtraining campaigns. Attachment: Centralized training.png, Required_Training_Catalog.png,Required_Training_Schedule.png, 2026 Compliance Training Results (1).xlsx64. Which of the following are inplace to ensure automated ormanual security testing of codeoccurs prior to release of changes.Issues identified by security testingare resolved in a timely manner?5.065. Please indicate which of thefollowing are in place to supportsecurity and AI training.3.1RESPONDENT COMMENTSEmployees are currently notrequired to sign off on theAI/Security Policy. A mandatorytraining with the CybersecurityAnalyst is required upon hiring.Powered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.22Penetration is performed by a qualified third-party against all public-facing infrastructure and includes manual testing and verification ofissues.The scope of the testing is non-credentialed external network testingand includes:  - All domains of the company and its acquisitions   - DNSenumeration (reconnaissance) of domains in scope  - IP addresses orhostnames of all sites not tied to DNS including offices, manufacturinglocations, data centers, and cloud infrastructure.The penetration testing report is within the last 12 months.Critical and high severity vulnerabilities identified in the report have beenremediated and third-party re-test has taken place to confirm fixes.None of the above or other, please comment.Required evidence: An export of the domains, IP addresses, andhostnames being scanned on a recurring basis.Required evidence: Inventory of acquisitions made over the past 5 years.Required evidence: The organizationʼs most recent third-party externalnetwork penetration report if available.An application vulnerablity managment policy is in place.The application vulnerability management policy requires a credentialedthird-party penetration testing of developed and hosted SaaS software atleast annually.Critical or high severity findings in the tests have been reviewed, triaged,and have been resolved or will be resolved within 60 days ofindentification.None of the above or other, please comment.Required evidence: Please provide a copy of your vulnerabilitymanagement policy and process.Required evidence: If applicable, provide historical copies of detailednon-credentialed application penetration testing reports including scopeand findings.Required evidence: If applicable, provide historical copies of detailedcredentialed application penetration testing reports including scope andfindings.Required evidence:* If applicable, provide copies of remediation plansand progress against the findings reported in penetration tests.66. Which of the following are inplace for third-party networkpenetration testing?1.0RESPONDENT COMMENTSAll penetration testing is handledinternally. We are working with acompany this year to complete athird-party pentest.67. Which of the following are inplace for third-party applicationpenetration testing?1.0RESPONDENT COMMENTSStudio Designer has not had aThird-Party Pentest.Powered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.23We do not engage vendors that have access to company systems ordataVendor onboarding processes are informal or undocumented.A documented process for onboarding new vendors or renewingexisting vendors is in place.Vendor access provisioning is performed in alignment with adocumented process.Which of the following acceptable contractual security criteria aredocumented? (Check all that apply)– incident notification period,– audit rights of the company– service level agreements,– subcontractor security– data retention and destruction,– confidentiality– data breach liabilityRequired evidence: Documentation of the process for onboarding newvendors or renewing existing vendors.Required evidence: A list of active IT vendors, service providers, orcontractors with access to company systems or data.Required evidence: A screenshot or export of tickets for onboarding theabove vendors, service providers, and contractors.Attachment: Vendorlist.png, Vendor_ticket.png, Studio Designer Contractor OnboardingPolicy.pdfVALIDATIONCALLN/AFree-Form Response:06/ 29 - 4:00 PM 6/30 - 4:00 PM 7/1 - 4:00 PM 7/2 - 4:00 PM 7/6 - 4:00 PM7/7 - 4:00 PM 7/8 - 4:00 PM68. Please indicate which of thefollowing apply to the contractingand onboarding of vendors that haveaccess to company systems or data.1.069. Please provide several one-hourtimes starting after one week thatyou are available to meet to discussquestions the Crosslake practitionermay have about the assessmentresults.Not ScoredPowered by PortfolioView. Proprietary and confidential information. © 2026 Crosslake Technologies.24